Release Notes PF2e 7.11.1 and SF2e 0.0.6 (#21669)
foundryvtt/pf2e: CHANGELOG.md

## 7.11.1

### Bugfixes

- (Supe) Fix troop tokens with custom scaling such as from art modules

### Data Updates

- (Ambrose) Correct Elemental Sheathe links in Wyldheart journal page
- (Ambrose) Correct level of Thunderclap Spell feat
- (Cuingamehtar) Fix Cloak of Thirsty Fronds and Cloak of Devouring Thorns activation frequency
- (Dire Weasel) Brush up Flare Beacons
- (Longstrider) Implement minor creature fixes and "grappled" blanket fix

> - (Tikael) Fix hidden/ predication in several halfling feats and eye of the arclords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Tikael) Fix automation of Keen Eyes and Eye of the Arclords
```
